PGD: updates to v4 Supported upgrade paths topic (#3178)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/4/upgrades/upgrade_paths.mdx

title: Supported BDR upgrade paths
---

## Upgrading from 3.6

> Currently there are no direct upgrade paths from 3.6 to 4.  You must first upgrade your cluster to 3.7 before upgrading to 4.  See [Supported upgrade paths] in the 3.6 documentation for more informtaion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently there are no direct upgrade paths from 3.6 to 4.  You must first upgrade your cluster to 3.7 before upgrading to 4.  See [Upgrading from 3.6](/pgd/3.7/bdr/upgrades/supported_paths/#upgrading-from-version-36) in the 3.7 documentation for more information.
```

## Upgrading from 3.7

| 3.7.13.1 | 3.7.14 | 3.7.15 | 3.7.16 | Target BDR version |
|----------|--------|--------|--------|--------------------|
|          |        | X      | X      | 4.2.0              |
|          |        | X      | X      | 4.1.1              |
|          |        | X      | X      | 4.1.0              |
|          |        | X      |        | 4.0.2              |
|          | X      |        |        | 4.0.1              |
| X        |        |        |        | 4.0.0              |

## Upgrading from 4

> Beginning with version 4, EDB Postgres Distributed has adopted semantic versioning. All changes within the same major will be backward compatible lowering the risk when upgrading and allowing you to choose any later minor of patch release as the upgrade target. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with version 4, EDB Postgres Distributed has adopted semantic versioning. All changes within the same major will be backward compatible lowering the risk when upgrading and allowing you to choose any later minor or patch release as the upgrade target. 
```
